fuck.
shit.
bitch.
anon.
trains.
do you.
cunt.
dumbass.
kill yourself.
haha.
You're replying to the same shitstirrer who lives eternally online.
Please just report and ignore him. Hide if you must. 
His posting style is as recognizable as the smell which permeates his surroundings.
You are a pox upon this board.
are you honestly fucking retarded.
If there's a chance she's fucked someone else I dont wanna hear it.
now it's a dead board.
Nevermind I'M the retard who thought you were talking to me.
urbanexing in london is pretty hard these days.
warsaw is dead culturally there's no schway.
how do I take LSD?
where do you guys get western records in the PSR.
does anyone even have a computer in the Second Union.
Anyone listen to the new Lucidwater EP.
I need a gun.
Where do you guys get 9mm in the PSR.
Any Joytards want to do a meetup in Edinburgh.
Getting postpunk in the PSR is easy through East Germany.
ill upload my techno/industrial collection.
your taste is shit.
anyone have art advice for psychedelics.
I really like that album has anyone released their new stuff.
that's really cool, anon.
dropping CIA docs on GATEWAY today.
how do you astral project without demons raping you.
nobody did anything about it in 4 years.
just sat and watched how boards die out.
fuck all of you.
the art retard is here again.
irrefutable proof that this thread is useless cancer that just attracts more cancer.
the fact it's the only regularly active thread on this board besides the fucking japanese furry thread is truly shameful.
so i guess joychan will shit the bed on the first. 
then the handful of joytards here will go wherethefuckever.
all the planning was bullshit.
because you're all too much a bunch of dickheads to do anything serious.
the joyring.
otherchan is a /train/ and /cocaine/ colony.
are you fucking retarded.
What we truly need is a new joychan.
the anons who know how to sysadmin left a long time ago.
the rest are too autistic to compromise on small details.
I wouldn't expect much.
truly a voice of reason within this turmoil.
I have yet to see anything of value provided by the anons who bitch about Lilstar.
sorry I'm not a cuckold or a joytard and I don't enjoy sex with animals.
I'm not going to your BBS.
can we just ignore the shills this entire thread is getting sidetracked.
remind me why this garbage that shows up every single time.
rent free.
this is what joychanners actually believe.
I still don't see any proof regarding him "collaborating" with feds kek.
oh no the commie freaks found the thread.
you all are way too invested in BBSes.
right on cue.
Yeah yeah retard keep doing the same shit. 
There is no mediterranean blood in these threads.
As JoyMaster's perfect little anons it was our job to. 
God forbid the admin do his fucking job.
Anyone knows where I can download the Jap dub.
one of the most blatent lies I've ever seen.
All so tiring.
why aren't the jap cartoon fans segregated into a separate hentai board.
Joychan has become too insane for some artists to stay on. 
it attracts all the mentally ill.
Russians should serve as the slav(e)s of the Samurai.
free dopamine.
Why is that retard not range banned?
rent free.
this is what joychanners actually believe.
no one cares. 
crawl back to your sewer.
I'd rather post nothing.
You're not tricking me Japan.
This is retarded anon.
